Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/extending-neo4j/unmanaged-extensions.adoc

If you keep too much state around, it can lead to more frequent full Garbage Collection and subsequent unresponsiveness by the Neo4j server.

A common way that state can increase, is the creation of JSON objects to represent the result of a query, which is then sent back to your application.

> Neo4j's Transactional Cypher HTTP endpoint (see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/http-api/current/actions[HTTP API Docs -> transactional Cypher endpoint]) streams responses back to the client.

Author: ```suggestion
Neo4j's HTTP endpoint (see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/http-api/current/transactions[HTTP API Docs -> Run transactions]) streams responses back to the client.
```
